[Music]
all right let me get this straight
a man in a kabuki mask attacked you with
an army of miniature flying robots
microbots v-max tell them yes officer
microbots yeah he was controlling them
telepathically with a neurocranial
transmitter come on I am NOT fast
so mr. kabuki was using ESP to attack
you and balloon named
[Music]
I know it sounds crazy kid how about we
call your parents and get them down
what write your name and number down on
this piece of paper and with the help
[Music]
we've got to catch that guy but first
you're gonna need some upgrades
[Music]
a lunatic in a mask just tried to kill
us how cool is that I mean it's scary
obviously but how cool what's wrong with
you bad you mom sweetie
we jumped out a window hello
I am famous